feat: Various improvements (#1820)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/index.mdx

import CardGrid from "@site/src/components/CardGrid";
import homepageContent from "./homepage_content.json";

> > **Apify** is a cloud platform and marketplace of tools for web data extraction and automation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Apify** is a cloud platform and marketplace for web scraping and automation tools.
```
